GURA — owner sign-in update

Why the message appeared
The dashboard kept its initial login in memory. Signing into a customer account
in another tab changes the browser's shared session cookie, while the old page
could still say “Shop owner”. This is one reproducible cause of the screenshot;
the screenshot alone cannot establish what changed your particular session.

Try this immediately
1. Copy any unsaved product details before leaving the current page.
2. Open a private browser window and open the same local shop address.
3. Choose Sign in and enter the email and password you used to create the owner.
   “Create an account” makes a customer account. Owner setup is only used once.
4. Open Manage shop and add your product. Keep customer testing in a separate
   browser profile/window so it cannot change the owner's active session.

Install the fix on an existing local shop (Windows)
1. Stop the existing app in PowerShell with Ctrl+C.
2. Extract this updated ZIP into a separate temporary folder.
3. Copy the following files from its GURA folder into the SAME relative paths
   in your existing project folder. Replace these source files when asked:

   app\shop.tsx
   app\admin.tsx
   app\api\[...path]\route.ts
   lib\server.ts
   lib\client-api.ts                 (new file)
   tests\integration.mjs
   tests\client-session.mjs         (new file)
   README.md

   Keep using your original project folder. Its .wrangler\state folder holds
   your accounts, products and photos; .dev.vars holds local configuration.
   Leave both in place. No database reset, migration or owner setup is needed.
4. In PowerShell, in your ORIGINAL project folder, run:

   pnpm dev

5. Refresh the shop page (Ctrl+F5) and sign in with your existing owner email.
   The owner dashboard now shows that email so you can check which account is
   active. This update does not change or recover your password.

What changed
- The app checks the current login when a tab becomes active or another tab
  signs in or out.
- Old account screens are cleared when the active account changes. Save or copy
  drafts before switching accounts; unsaved forms/photos are not recovered.
- A stale tab cannot submit changes for a newly selected account.
- Sign-in errors explain whether the session ended or a customer is signed in.
- Failed product saves clear the “Saving product details…” message, and photo
  uploading stops if the account changes.
- Owner permission checks remain on the server. Customer passwords still need
  6 characters; owner passwords still need 10. No products are preloaded.

Validation
50 isolated server/client checks pass, including stale owner sessions, customer
access rejection, sign-in recovery, photo uploads, stock and order protections.
TypeScript checking and the production build also pass. These checks do not
inspect or modify the shop running on your computer.
